NICOLLE WALLACE STARTS RIGHT NOW.
NOW. >>> HI, EVERYONE, IT’S 4:00 IN
>>> HI, EVERYONE, IT’S 4:00 IN NEW YORK. HOW JUDICIARY
NEW YORK. HOW JUDICIARY COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN GERALD NADLER
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN GERALD NADLER IS ABOUT TO MAKE DONALD TRUMP
IS ABOUT TO MAKE DONALD TRUMP LONG FOR THE DAYS WHEN THE ONLY
LONG FOR THE DAYS WHEN THE ONLY PEOPLE WERE INVESTIGATING HIM
PEOPLE WERE INVESTIGATING HIM WERE THE SECRET PROSECUTORS IN
WERE THE SECRET PROSECUTORS IN THE MUELLER PROBE AND SOUTHERN
THE MUELLER PROBE AND SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. THE
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. THE SCRUTINY OF DONALD TRUMP’S
SCRUTINY OF DONALD TRUMP’S BUSINESSES, WHITE HOUSE AND
BUSINESSES, WHITE HOUSE AND FAMILY IS ABOUT TO BE THE
FAMILY IS ABOUT TO BE THE PRIMARY FOCUS OF THE HOUSE
PRIMARY FOCUS OF THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. AND IF THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. AND IF THE MUELLER PROBLEM IS SOMETHING
MUELLER PROBLEM IS SOMETHING THAT HAS DONALD TRUMP FRENZIED
THAT HAS DONALD TRUMP FRENZIED AND WILD-EYED, THE HOUSE
AND WILD-EYED, THE HOUSE INVESTIGATIONS MAY VERY WELL BE
INVESTIGATIONS MAY VERY WELL BE HIS UNDOING. HOUSE JUDICIARY
HIS UNDOING. HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TODAY LAUNCHING A
COMMITTEE TODAY LAUNCHING A MASSIVE INVESTIGATION INTO
MASSIVE INVESTIGATION INTO DONALD TRUMP. NBC NEWS
DONALD TRUMP. NBC NEWS REPORTING, QUOTE, COMMITTEE
REPORTING, QUOTE, COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN DARRYL NADLER SAID THE
CHAIRMAN DARRYL NADLER SAID THE REQUEST ISSUED TO 81 INDIVIDUALS
REQUEST ISSUED TO 81 INDIVIDUALS AND ENTITIES WOULD HELP THE
AND ENTITIES WOULD HELP THE COMMITTEE PROBE THREE MAIN
COMMITTEE PROBE THREE MAIN TOPICS, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE,
TOPICS, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, INCLUDING INTERFERENCE BY THE
INCLUDING INTERFERENCE BY THE PRESIDENT INTO CRIMINAL
PRESIDENT INTO CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS, PUBLIC
INVESTIGATIONS, PUBLIC CORRUPTION THAT INCLUDES
CORRUPTION THAT INCLUDES VIOLATIONS OF THE EMOLUMENTS
VIOLATIONS OF THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE. AND ABUSES OF POWER,
CLAUSE. AND ABUSES OF POWER, INCLUDING A TAX ON THE FREE
INCLUDING A TAX ON THE FREE PRESS, JUDICIARY AND LAW
PRESS, JUDICIARY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES.
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. THE PRESIDENT WAS ASKED TODAY IF
THE PRESIDENT WAS ASKED TODAY IF HE WOULD COOPERATE.
HE WOULD COOPERATE. >> I CORPORATE ALL THE TIME WITH
>> I CORPORATE ALL THE TIME WITH EVERYBODY. YOU KNOW THE
EVERYBODY. YOU KNOW THE BEAUTIFUL THING, NO COLLUSION.
BEAUTIFUL THING, NO COLLUSION. IT’S ALL A HOAX.
IT’S ALL A HOAX. YOU WILL LEARN ABOUT THAT. IT’S
YOU WILL LEARN ABOUT THAT. IT’S A POLITICAL HOAX. NO COLLUSION.
A POLITICAL HOAX. NO COLLUSION. >> DID YOU GET THAT?
>> DID YOU GET THAT? TLUL OF THESE
TLUL OF THESE THROUGH ALL OF THE PROCEEDINGS
THROUGH ALL OF THE PROCEEDINGS "THE WASHINGTON POST" WRITES --
"THE WASHINGTON POST" WRITES -- TODAY’S SPEAKING DOCUMENT
TODAY’S SPEAKING DOCUMENT REQUEST SPEAKS DIRECTLY AT THE
REQUEST SPEAKS DIRECTLY AT THE IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDING THAT THE
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDING THAT THE BAR IS VERY HIGH BUT WITH TRUMP
BAR IS VERY HIGH BUT WITH TRUMP THE EVIDENCE MUST BE PURSUED AND
THE EVIDENCE MUST BE PURSUED AND SHARED WITH THE PUBLIC.
SHARED WITH THE PUBLIC. >> BEFORE YOU IMPEACH SOMEBODY,
>> BEFORE YOU IMPEACH SOMEBODY, YOU HAVE TO PERSUADE THE
YOU HAVE TO PERSUADE THE AMERICAN PUBLIC THAT IT OUGHT TO
AMERICAN PUBLIC THAT IT OUGHT TO HAPPEN.
HAPPEN. >> YOU HAVE TO PERSUADE ENOUGH
>> YOU HAVE TO PERSUADE ENOUGH OF THE OPPOSITION PARTY VOTERS
OF THE OPPOSITION PARTY VOTERS OR TRUMP VOTERS THAT YOU’RE NOT
OR TRUMP VOTERS THAT YOU’RE NOT JUST TRYING TO --
JUST TRYING TO -- >> THAT’S A VERY HIGH BAR.
>> THAT’S A VERY HIGH BAR. >> YES, IT IS A VERY HIGH BAR.
>> YES, IT IS A VERY HIGH BAR. >> YOU’RE NOT JUST TRYING TO
>> YOU’RE NOT JUST TRYING TO REVERSE THE RESULTS OF THE LAST
REVERSE THE RESULTS OF THE LAST ELECTION.
ELECTION. >> WE MAY OR MAY NOT GET THERE
>> WE MAY OR MAY NOT GET THERE BUT WE HAVE TO PROTECT THE RULE
BUT WE HAVE TO PROTECT THE RULE OF LAW.
OF LAW. >> IF I WANT IT THE AMERICAN
>> IF I WANT IT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC NEEDS TO BE SHOWN THE
PUBLIC NEEDS TO BE SHOWN THE FACTS, NOT TOLD THE FACTS, THAT
FACTS, NOT TOLD THE FACTS, THAT YOU NEED TO SEE THE EVIDENCE
YOU NEED TO SEE THE EVIDENCE PRESENTED, PURSUED, TESTED
PRESENTED, PURSUED, TESTED BEFORE ANYONE SORT OF LURCHES
BEFORE ANYONE SORT OF LURCHES TOWARDS IMPEACHMENT, CHAIRMAN
TOWARDS IMPEACHMENT, CHAIRMAN NADLER IS THE PERSON I WOULD
NADLER IS THE PERSON I WOULD WANT IN CHARGE OF THAT.
WANT IN CHARGE OF THAT. >> I WATCHED JERRY NADLER OVER
>> I WATCHED JERRY NADLER OVER MANY YEARS, HE’S VERY CAREFUL
MANY YEARS, HE’S VERY CAREFUL AND SMART AND TARGETED.
AND SMART AND TARGETED. >> I THINK HE UNDERSTANDS BEFORE
>> I THINK HE UNDERSTANDS BEFORE ANYBODY CAN DISCUSS THE I WORD,
ANYBODY CAN DISCUSS THE I WORD, IMPEACHMENT, FIRST THEY NEED
IMPEACHMENT, FIRST THEY NEED OVERSIGHT.
OVERSIGHT. >> ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES,
>> ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES, NICOLLE.
NICOLLE. >> FIVE MONTHS OF POST-ELECTION
>> FIVE MONTHS OF POST-ELECTION DAY YOU SEE A LARGE TARGET BY
DAY YOU SEE A LARGE TARGET BY CHAIRMAN NADLER TO LOOK AT THE
CHAIRMAN NADLER TO LOOK AT THE FULL SPECTRUM OF ACTIVITY INSIDE
FULL SPECTRUM OF ACTIVITY INSIDE THE TRUMP ORBIT THAT HAS BEEN
THE TRUMP ORBIT THAT HAS BEEN COUNTER TO THE RULE OF LAW, AND
COUNTER TO THE RULE OF LAW, AND THAT IS, OF COURSE, IS CORE TO
THAT IS, OF COURSE, IS CORE TO THE JUDICIARY’S JURISDICTION.
THE JUDICIARY’S JURISDICTION. >> IF I WERE SOMEBODY THAT
>> IF I WERE SOMEBODY THAT WANTED TO KEEP LAWYERS UP AT
WANTED TO KEEP LAWYERS UP AT NIGHT, I WOULD DO THIS DANGEROUS
NIGHT, I WOULD DO THIS DANGEROUS GAME OF TRYING TO PUT THE PEOPLE
GAME OF TRYING TO PUT THE PEOPLE IN THE BOXES, SO WHO’S IN THE
IN THE BOXES, SO WHO’S IN THE OBSTRUCTION INVESTIGATION?
OBSTRUCTION INVESTIGATION? WHO IS IN THE EMOLUMENTS
WHO IS IN THE EMOLUMENTS INVESTIGATION?
INVESTIGATION? I’LL LEAVE THAT TO YOU GUYS, BUT
I’LL LEAVE THAT TO YOU GUYS, BUT LET ME PUT UP SOME OF THE NAMES
LET ME PUT UP SOME OF THE NAMES THAT WE LEARNED CHAIRMAN NADLER
THAT WE LEARNED CHAIRMAN NADLER WANTS TO SEE DOCUMENTS PRODUCED
WANTS TO SEE DOCUMENTS PRODUCED FROM OR TALKED TO -- DONALD
FROM OR TALKED TO -- DONALD TRUMP JR., ALLEN WEISSELBERG,
TRUMP JR., ALLEN WEISSELBERG, JARED KUSHNER, JEFF SESSIONS,
JARED KUSHNER, JEFF SESSIONS, MIKE FLYNN, AMI, DONE McGHAN,
MIKE FLYNN, AMI, DONE McGHAN, HOPE HICKS, REINCE PRIEBUS,
HOPE HICKS, REINCE PRIEBUS, ROGER STONE AND SEAN SPICER.
ROGER STONE AND SEAN SPICER. >> THIS COULD TELL THE WHOLE
>> THIS COULD TELL THE WHOLE OCCLUSION STORY, YOU HAVE ROGER
OCCLUSION STORY, YOU HAVE ROGER IN THERE AND WE KNOW McGHAN
IN THERE AND WE KNOW McGHAN SPENT 30 HOURS WITH ROBERT
SPENT 30 HOURS WITH ROBERT MUELLER, AND YOU HAVE THE
MUELLER, AND YOU HAVE THE WITNESSES FOR OBSTRUCTION IN
WITNESSES FOR OBSTRUCTION IN THERE
THERE THERE, YOU HAVE MIKE FLYNN WHO
THERE, YOU HAVE MIKE FLYNN WHO DANGLED ON OBSTRUCTION, AND THIS
DANGLED ON OBSTRUCTION, AND THIS SEEMS TO BE A WHOLE LOT OF
SEEMS TO BE A WHOLE LOT OF PEOPLE WHO CAN TELL A WHOLE LOT.
PEOPLE WHO CAN TELL A WHOLE LOT. >> I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS
>> I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS THAT WILL BE INTERESTING TO SEE,
THAT WILL BE INTERESTING TO SEE, SO HE’S GOING TO HAVE A DECISION
SO HE’S GOING TO HAVE A DECISION TO MAKE.
TO MAKE. IF HE’S CALLED BEFORE CONGRESS
IF HE’S CALLED BEFORE CONGRESS AND ASKED SORT ASKED A WIDE,
AND ASKED SORT ASKED A WIDE, BROAD RANGE OF QUESTIONS ABOUT
BROAD RANGE OF QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT HE HAS DONE OVER THE YEARS
WHAT HE HAS DONE OVER THE YEARS FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, HE’S
FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, HE’S EITHER GOING TO HAVE TO INVOKE
EITHER GOING TO HAVE TO INVOKE THE FIFTH AMENDMENT RIGHT
THE FIFTH AMENDMENT RIGHT AGAINST SELF-INCRIMINATION IF
AGAINST SELF-INCRIMINATION IF HE’S DONE ANYTHING WRONG AND A
HE’S DONE ANYTHING WRONG AND A BETTING MAN SAYS HE PROBABLY
BETTING MAN SAYS HE PROBABLY HAS, OR IF HE DECIDES TO TESTIFY
HAS, OR IF HE DECIDES TO TESTIFY FULLY AND COMPLETELY ABOUT WHAT
FULLY AND COMPLETELY ABOUT WHAT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION HAS BEEN
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION HAS BEEN UP TO FINANCIALLY OVER THE PAST
UP TO FINANCIALLY OVER THE PAST SEVERAL DECADES, HE’S GOING TO
SEVERAL DECADES, HE’S GOING TO PUT HIMSELF IN LEGAL JEOPARDY.
PUT HIMSELF IN LEGAL JEOPARDY. SO I DON’T THINK WE HAVE YET
SO I DON’T THINK WE HAVE YET HEARD WITNESSES PLEAD THE FIFTH
HEARD WITNESSES PLEAD THE FIFTH IN FRONT OF CONGRESS BUT IF WE
IN FRONT OF CONGRESS BUT IF WE GET THE WEISSELBERGS AND WE GET
GET THE WEISSELBERGS AND WE GET THE DON JR.S TALKING ABOUT HOW
THE DON JR.S TALKING ABOUT HOW HE DIDN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT
HE DIDN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THE TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW DEAL, HE
THE TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW DEAL, HE WAS JUST ON THE PERIPHERY.
WAS JUST ON THE PERIPHERY. THERE’S SIGNIFICANT INFORMATION
THERE’S SIGNIFICANT INFORMATION AND EVIDENCE THAT YUNTUNDERCUTS
AND EVIDENCE THAT YUNTUNDERCUTS CLAIM, WE MAY SEE PEOPLE START
CLAIM, WE MAY SEE PEOPLE START TAKING THE FIFTH.
TAKING THE FIFTH. >> DEVLIN, GLENN BROUGHT US
>> DEVLIN, GLENN BROUGHT US RIGHT TO THE SPECIFIC, WHERE I
RIGHT TO THE SPECIFIC, WHERE I WANTED TO GO WITH THIS QUOTE
WANTED TO GO WITH THIS QUOTE FROM BERTRAND OVER THE WEEKEND.
FROM BERTRAND OVER THE WEEKEND. IT WAS A QUOTE OF ANDY McCABE,
IT WAS A QUOTE OF ANDY McCABE, HE SORT OF TIES THE TRUMP ERA AT
HE SORT OF TIES THE TRUMP ERA AT THE END OF HIS CAREER WHEN HE
THE END OF HIS CAREER WHEN HE WAS INVESTIGATING RUSSIAN
WAS INVESTIGATING RUSSIAN ORGANIZED CRIME AND THERE’S A
ORGANIZED CRIME AND THERE’S A QUOTE FROM HIM, I THINK PEOPLE
QUOTE FROM HIM, I THINK PEOPLE THINK OF FOLLOWING THE MONEY
THINK OF FOLLOWING THE MONEY SIMPLY AS A WAY OF UNCOVERING
SIMPLY AS A WAY OF UNCOVERING WHETHER SOMEBODY’S BEEN INVOLVED
WHETHER SOMEBODY’S BEEN INVOLVED IN MONEY LAUNDERING OR A
IN MONEY LAUNDERING OR A FINANCIAL CRIME, WHICH IS, OF
FINANCIAL CRIME, WHICH IS, OF COURSE, IMPORTANT.
COURSE, IMPORTANT. BUT ON A MUCH MORE FUNDAMENTAL
BUT ON A MUCH MORE FUNDAMENTAL LEVEL.
LEVEL. IT’S A WAY OF UNDERSTANDING
IT’S A WAY OF UNDERSTANDING RELATIONSHIPS AND NETWORKS, TO
RELATIONSHIPS AND NETWORKS, TO UNDERSTAND WHO THE PERSON THAT
UNDERSTAND WHO THE PERSON THAT IS INTERESTED IN IS CONNECTED
IS INTERESTED IN IS CONNECTED TO, WHO THEY’RE COMMUNICATING
TO, WHO THEY’RE COMMUNICATING WITH AND WHO THEY’RE RECEIVING
WITH AND WHO THEY’RE RECEIVING MONEY FROM OR GIVING MONEY TO.
MONEY FROM OR GIVING MONEY TO. IT GOES TO PROVING AN EXISTENCE
IT GOES TO PROVING AN EXISTENCE OF AN ORGANIZATION OR RICO, THE
OF AN ORGANIZATION OR RICO, THE RACKETEER CORRUPT INFLUENCE
RACKETEER CORRUPT INFLUENCE ORGANIZATION ACT WOULD SAY, AN
ORGANIZATION ACT WOULD SAY, AN ENTERPRISE.
ENTERPRISE. ALL OF THESE MUSINGS COMING OUT
ALL OF THESE MUSINGS COMING OUT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, ALL OF THE UNDERCOUNTRIES
YORK, ALL OF THE UNDERCOUNTRIES OF MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY AND
OF MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY AND CERTAINLY THIS LIST RELEASED
CERTAINLY THIS LIST RELEASED TODAY OF 81 TARGETS FROM THE
TODAY OF 81 TARGETS FROM THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AND
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AND WHAT WE KNOW ADAM SCHIFF HAS
WHAT WE KNOW ADAM SCHIFF HAS TALKED ABOUT, WANTING TO EXPLORE
TALKED ABOUT, WANTING TO EXPLORE THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE,
THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE, SUGGESTS THIS MAY BE PRECISELY
SUGGESTS THIS MAY BE PRECISELY THE FRAMEWORK AROUND THE
THE FRAMEWORK AROUND THE QUESTION FOR THE TRUMP
QUESTION FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND FAMILY.
ORGANIZATION AND FAMILY. >> RIGHT, BUT WHAT I THINK IS
>> RIGHT, BUT WHAT I THINK IS INTERESTING ABOUT THIS LAUNDRY
INTERESTING ABOUT THIS LAUNDRY LIST, AND IT IS TRUE, THERE’S A
LIST, AND IT IS TRUE, THERE’S A HUGE LIST OF TOPICS THEY’RE
HUGE LIST OF TOPICS THEY’RE LOOKING AT AND THEY’RE TRYING TO
LOOKING AT AND THEY’RE TRYING TO MAKE CONNECTIONS TO TRY TO
MAKE CONNECTIONS TO TRY TO UNDERSTAND IF THERE’S AN
UNDERSTAND IF THERE’S AN ENTERPRISE HERE BUT
ENTERPRISE HERE BUT REALISTICALLY, THIS LIST IS SO
REALISTICALLY, THIS LIST IS SO LONG, I WONDER WHAT THEY WILL
LONG, I WONDER WHAT THEY WILL FOCUS ON AS THEY GO FORWARD.
FOCUS ON AS THEY GO FORWARD. PRESUMABLY THEY WILL GET
PRESUMABLY THEY WILL GET TRACTION ON SOME ISSUES BUT NOT
TRACTION ON SOME ISSUES BUT NOT TRACTION ON OTHERS.
TRACTION ON OTHERS. CONGRESS IS NOT THE BEST FOCUSED
CONGRESS IS NOT THE BEST FOCUSED ENTITIES ON ITS BEST DAY.
ENTITIES ON ITS BEST DAY. SO WHAT I’M LOOKING FORWARD TO
SO WHAT I’M LOOKING FORWARD TO IS WHICH ONE OF THESE AREAS ARE
IS WHICH ONE OF THESE AREAS ARE THEY REALLY GOING TO DRILL DOWN
THEY REALLY GOING TO DRILL DOWN ON?
ON? >> LET ME PUT UP TO THAT POINT,
>> LET ME PUT UP TO THAT POINT, SOMETHING ADAM SCHIFF SAID
SOMETHING ADAM SCHIFF SAID YESTERDAY, THE HOUSE INTEL
YESTERDAY, THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE LOOKS LIKE IT HAS ITS
COMMITTEE LOOKS LIKE IT HAS ITS FOCUS.
FOCUS. LET’S WATCH THIS AND TALK ABOUT
LET’S WATCH THIS AND TALK ABOUT IT ON THE OTHER SIDE.
IT ON THE OTHER SIDE. >> WE CERTAINLY LOOKING DEEP
>> WE CERTAINLY LOOKING DEEP INTO THE SET OF ISSUES AROUND
INTO THE SET OF ISSUES AROUND MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER AND LOOKING
MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER AND LOOKING AT PERSISTENT ALLEGATIONS THE
AT PERSISTENT ALLEGATIONS THE RUSSIANS HAVE BEEN MONITORING
RUSSIANS HAVE BEEN MONITORING MONEY THROUGH THE TRUMP
MONEY THROUGH THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
ORGANIZATION. I DON’T KNOW IF THAT’S TRUE.
I DON’T KNOW IF THAT’S TRUE. BUT IF IT IS IT’S A PROFOUND
BUT IF IT IS IT’S A PROFOUND COMPROMISE FROM THIS PRESIDENT.
COMPROMISE FROM THIS PRESIDENT. >> STARTING TO HEAR THAT MORE
>> STARTING TO HEAR THAT MORE AND MORE.
AND MORE. THE COMPROMISE WAS THE CONDUCT,
THE COMPROMISE WAS THE CONDUCT, WAS THE CONDUCT OF MONEY
WAS THE CONDUCT OF MONEY LAUNDERING, WAS THE KNOWLEDGE OF
LAUNDERING, WAS THE KNOWLEDGE OF NEGOTIATIONS AROUND TRUMP TOWER
NEGOTIATIONS AROUND TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW GOING ON LONGER AMONG
MOSCOW GOING ON LONGER AMONG PUTIN AND HIS COHORTS THAN IT
PUTIN AND HIS COHORTS THAN IT DID AMONG ANY AMERICAN OFFICIALS
DID AMONG ANY AMERICAN OFFICIALS OTHER THAN PEOPLE WHO MAY HAVE
OTHER THAN PEOPLE WHO MAY HAVE BEEN LISTENING.
BEEN LISTENING. THIS IDEA THAT THE MONEY
THIS IDEA THAT THE MONEY LAUNDERING AS STEVE BANNON IS
LAUNDERING AS STEVE BANNON IS QUOTED SAYING IN "FIRE AND FURY"
QUOTED SAYING IN "FIRE AND FURY" ONE OF THE ORIGINAL SENTENCES.
ONE OF THE ORIGINAL SENTENCES. >> SOMETIMES WHEN WE HEAR PEOPLE
>> SOMETIMES WHEN WE HEAR PEOPLE REFLECT THE STEEL DOSSIER AND
REFLECT THE STEEL DOSSIER AND SALACIOUS EXAMPLES AND ONES, OF
SALACIOUS EXAMPLES AND ONES, OF COURSE, THAT HAVE NOT BEEN
COURSE, THAT HAVE NOT BEEN PROVEN E. THERE’S MORE THAN
PROVEN E. THERE’S MORE THAN THAT.
THAT. THERE’S A PATTERN OF BEHAVIOR
THERE’S A PATTERN OF BEHAVIOR OVER DECADES INVESTIGATORS ARE
OVER DECADES INVESTIGATORS ARE LOOKING AT, WE KNOW BE ROT
LOOKING AT, WE KNOW BE ROT MUELLER IS, AND TODAY WITH WHAT
MUELLER IS, AND TODAY WITH WHAT THE HOUSE COMMITTEE HAS DONE IS
THE HOUSE COMMITTEE HAS DONE IS SAID GAME ON.
SAID GAME ON. MICHAEL COHEN LAST WEEK IN SOME
MICHAEL COHEN LAST WEEK IN SOME WAYS WAS OPENING ACT BUT
WAYS WAS OPENING ACT BUT PROVIDES ALMOST A ROADMAP.
PROVIDES ALMOST A ROADMAP. HE HIT UPON SO MANY DIFFERENT
HE HIT UPON SO MANY DIFFERENT SUBJECTS AND SO MANY DIFFERENT
SUBJECTS AND SO MANY DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF THE TRUMP
ASPECTS OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND PRESIDENT’S
ORGANIZATION AND PRESIDENT’S FAMILY IS, OF COURSE, INTIMATELY
FAMILY IS, OF COURSE, INTIMATELY INVOLVED IN THAT, THOSE ARE THE
INVOLVED IN THAT, THOSE ARE THE AVENUES WHERE THE DEMOCRATS ARE
AVENUES WHERE THE DEMOCRATS ARE NOW GOING TO FOLLOW.
NOW GOING TO FOLLOW. AND THERE WILL BE MANY WAYS THEY
AND THERE WILL BE MANY WAYS THEY WILL PUT PRESSURE ON THIS WHITE
WILL PUT PRESSURE ON THIS WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. WE SAW FROM THE PRESIDENT IN THE
WE SAW FROM THE PRESIDENT IN THE CLIP YOU PLAYED, RELATIVELY
CLIP YOU PLAYED, RELATIVELY RELAXED, DOWNPLAYING IT, HIS
RELAXED, DOWNPLAYING IT, HIS USUAL LANGUAGE ABOUT HOAX AND
USUAL LANGUAGE ABOUT HOAX AND IT’S A WISH HUNTTCH-HUNT, WHATEV
IT’S A WISH HUNTTCH-HUNT, WHATEV MIGHT BE.
MIGHT BE. BUT THAT’S DIFFERENT THAN WHAT
BUT THAT’S DIFFERENT THAN WHAT WE ARE SEEING BEHIND THE SCENES,
WE ARE SEEING BEHIND THE SCENES, TO HIS AIDES AND WE ARE SEEING
TO HIS AIDES AND WE ARE SEEING IT SPILL OUT ON TWITTER THAT
IT SPILL OUT ON TWITTER THAT HE’S FRUSTRATED AND AGGRAVATED
HE’S FRUSTRATED AND AGGRAVATED AND WORRIED ABOUT WHERE THIS
AND WORRIED ABOUT WHERE THIS COULD GO.
COULD GO. PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT HAS BEEN
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT HAS BEEN HIS NEW CATCH PHRASE.
HIS NEW CATCH PHRASE. AS MUCH AS THE WHITE HOUSE
AS MUCH AS THE WHITE HOUSE STAFFED UP AND HIRED NEW
STAFFED UP AND HIRED NEW LAWYERS, THEY KNOW THEY MIGHT
LAWYERS, THEY KNOW THEY MIGHT NOT BE READY FOR THE SHEER
NOT BE READY FOR THE SHEER ONSLAUGHT, THE SHEER VOLUME OF
ONSLAUGHT, THE SHEER VOLUME OF WHAT’S COMING FROM THE HILL,
WHAT’S COMING FROM THE HILL, FROM THESE VARIOUS COMMITTEES
FROM THESE VARIOUS COMMITTEES INCLUDING THE ONE LED BY
INCLUDING THE ONE LED BY CHAIRMAN NADLER.
CHAIRMAN NADLER. AND THERE’S A SENSE THAT EACH
AND THERE’S A SENSE THAT EACH DAY WILL YIELD SOMETHING NEW.
DAY WILL YIELD SOMETHING NEW. AND EACH DAY THAT COULD GET A
AND EACH DAY THAT COULD GET A STEP CLOSER TO THE OVAL OFFICE.
STEP CLOSER TO THE OVAL OFFICE. >> THERE’S ALSO THIS MISNOMER --
>> THERE’S ALSO THIS MISNOMER -- I WORKED IN THE WHITE HOUSE AND
I WORKED IN THE WHITE HOUSE AND HENRY WAXMAN WAS THE CHAIR ON
HENRY WAXMAN WAS THE CHAIR ON THE COMMITTEE, I PRODUCED E-MAIL
THE COMMITTEE, I PRODUCED E-MAIL ONCE AROUND ENRON.
ONCE AROUND ENRON. DOCUMENT PRODUCTION IN AND OF
DOCUMENT PRODUCTION IN AND OF ITSELF IS ALL OF THOSE THINGS.
ITSELF IS ALL OF THOSE THINGS. BUT HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS
BUT HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS WERE ULTIMATELY REFERRED TO THE
WERE ULTIMATELY REFERRED TO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT BUT IT
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT BUT IT STARTED AS A DOCUMENT REQUEST.
STARTED AS A DOCUMENT REQUEST. SO PEOPLE UNDERESTIMATE THE
SO PEOPLE UNDERESTIMATE THE DANGER OF THESE COMMITTEE
DANGER OF THESE COMMITTEE INVESTIGATIONS AT THEIR OWN
INVESTIGATIONS AT THEIR OWN PERIL.
PERIL. >> RIGHT, HILLARY CLINTON DID A
>> RIGHT, HILLARY CLINTON DID A GREAT JOB WHEN SHE TESTIFIED
GREAT JOB WHEN SHE TESTIFIED BEFORE CONGRESS ON BENGHAZI, BUT
BEFORE CONGRESS ON BENGHAZI, BUT THAT INVESTIGATION OVER THE LONG
THAT INVESTIGATION OVER THE LONG TERM REALLY DID DAMAGE TO HER
TERM REALLY DID DAMAGE TO HER CANDIDACY.
CANDIDACY. AND I THINK WHAT DEMOCRATS ARE
AND I THINK WHAT DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO TRY TO DO HERE AND
GOING TO TRY TO DO HERE AND THEY’RE GOING TO DO IT VERY
THEY’RE GOING TO DO IT VERY SURGICALLY AND PRECISE IS TO
SURGICALLY AND PRECISE IS TO MAKE THIS GO FOR A LONG TIME AND
MAKE THIS GO FOR A LONG TIME AND UNCOVER -- AND BASICALLY DO THIS
UNCOVER -- AND BASICALLY DO THIS IN FRONT OF THE PUBLIC, UNCOVER
IN FRONT OF THE PUBLIC, UNCOVER WHAT IS INSIDE OF THIS
WHAT IS INSIDE OF THIS ADMINISTRATION, WHAT IS ROTTEN
ADMINISTRATION, WHAT IS ROTTEN AND WHAT IS CORRUPT?
AND WHAT IS CORRUPT? AND IT’S GOING TO GO UNTIL THE
AND IT’S GOING TO GO UNTIL THE ELECTION, I THINK.
ELECTION, I THINK. AND THAT IS, AGAIN, YOU SAW WITH
AND THAT IS, AGAIN, YOU SAW WITH HILLARY CLINTON NO MATTER HOW --
HILLARY CLINTON NO MATTER HOW -- I THOUGHT IT WAS A BOGUS
I THOUGHT IT WAS A BOGUS INVESTIGATION, BUT IT REALLY DID
INVESTIGATION, BUT IT REALLY DID DAMAGE TO HER -- TO HER APPROVAL
DAMAGE TO HER -- TO HER APPROVAL NUMBERS, FAVORABLE NUMBERS, AND
NUMBERS, FAVORABLE NUMBERS, AND I THINK FOR TRUMP, WE’RE LOOKING
I THINK FOR TRUMP, WE’RE LOOKING AT AN ADMINISTRATION NOW THAT
AT AN ADMINISTRATION NOW THAT MUCH DIFFERENT THAN HILLARY
MUCH DIFFERENT THAN HILLARY CLINTON, WE KNOW FOR A FACT THAT
CLINTON, WE KNOW FOR A FACT THAT THERE IS -- I PRETTY MUCH KNOW
THERE IS -- I PRETTY MUCH KNOW FOR A FACT THAT I THINK THERE’S
FOR A FACT THAT I THINK THERE’S IS CORRUPTION THERE, THAT IT’S
IS CORRUPTION THERE, THAT IT’S ROTTEN, THERE’S BEEN ABUSE OF
ROTTEN, THERE’S BEEN ABUSE OF POWER, AND NOW IT’S GOING TO BE
POWER, AND NOW IT’S GOING TO BE IN FRONT OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
IN FRONT OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. THANK GOD.
THANK GOD. THAT’S WHAT CONGRESS IS SUPPOSED
THAT’S WHAT CONGRESS IS SUPPOSED TO DO, OVERSIGHT.
TO DO, OVERSIGHT. >> JERRY, DOUG MAKES AN
>> JERRY, DOUG MAKES AN INTERESTING POINT.
INTERESTING POINT. MUELLER IS DOING HIS JOB THE WAY
MUELLER IS DOING HIS JOB THE WAY ANY SORT OF LEGAL PROFESSIONAL
ANY SORT OF LEGAL PROFESSIONAL OR POLITICAL PROFESSIONAL
OR POLITICAL PROFESSIONAL UNDERSTANDS HE MUST DO HIS JOB.
UNDERSTANDS HE MUST DO HIS JOB. BUT RUDY GIULIANI HAS BEEN ABLE
BUT RUDY GIULIANI HAS BEEN ABLE TO DO SOME DAMAGE IN THE PUBLIC
TO DO SOME DAMAGE IN THE PUBLIC ARENA AND A MINIMUM AMONG
ARENA AND A MINIMUM AMONG TRUMP’S BASE BECAUSE HE’S
TRUMP’S BASE BECAUSE HE’S VOICELESS.
VOICELESS. HE DOESN’T SPEAK.
HE DOESN’T SPEAK. WE DON’T HEAR FROM HIM.
WE DON’T HEAR FROM HIM. HE SPEAKS THROUGH INDICTMENTS
HE SPEAKS THROUGH INDICTMENTS AND COURT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE
AND COURT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE INDECIPHERABLE TO ANYONE OTHER
INDECIPHERABLE TO ANYONE OTHER THAN YOU AND GLENN AND REPORTERS
THAN YOU AND GLENN AND REPORTERS WHO READ THEM ALL DAY.
WHO READ THEM ALL DAY. THIS PROCESS, BEING IN CONGRESS
THIS PROCESS, BEING IN CONGRESS IN FULL VIEW, I IMAGINE WHAT
IN FULL VIEW, I IMAGINE WHAT THEY CAN DO IN FULL VIEW, THEY
THEY CAN DO IN FULL VIEW, THEY WILL DO IN PUBLIC HEARINGS, AND
WILL DO IN PUBLIC HEARINGS, AND WHAT THEY HAVE TO DO IN PRIVATE
WHAT THEY HAVE TO DO IN PRIVATE HEARINGS, THEY’LL DO IN PRIVATE
HEARINGS, THEY’LL DO IN PRIVATE HEARINGS.
HEARINGS. SEEING PEOPLE CLOSE TO TRUMP AS
SEEING PEOPLE CLOSE TO TRUMP AS GLENN SUGGESTS, HIS FORMER
GLENN SUGGESTS, HIS FORMER BOOKKEEPER HAS TO TAKE THE FIFTH
BOOKKEEPER HAS TO TAKE THE FIFTH TO AVOID SELF-INCRIMINATION.
TO AVOID SELF-INCRIMINATION. THESE ARE THE KIND OF MOMENTS,
THESE ARE THE KIND OF MOMENTS, THESE WILL BE THE EXHIBITS THAT
THESE WILL BE THE EXHIBITS THAT SPEAK A MILLION WORDS LOUDER
SPEAK A MILLION WORDS LOUDER THAN DOZENS OF MUELLER
THAN DOZENS OF MUELLER INDICTMENTS OR CHARGING
INDICTMENTS OR CHARGING DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. >> AND THE FRAMERS OF OUR
>> AND THE FRAMERS OF OUR CONSTITUTION SET IT UP THAT WAY,
CONSTITUTION SET IT UP THAT WAY, NICOLLE, SO UNDER ARTICLE ONE
NICOLLE, SO UNDER ARTICLE ONE CONGRESS WOULD CONDUCT
CONGRESS WOULD CONDUCT OVERSIGHT, LARGELY IN PUBLIC.
OVERSIGHT, LARGELY IN PUBLIC. THIS IS NOT A JUDICIAL
THIS IS NOT A JUDICIAL PROCEEDING, THIS IS NOT A
PROCEEDING, THIS IS NOT A PROSECUTION WHERE IF SOMEBODY IS
PROSECUTION WHERE IF SOMEBODY IS NOT CHARGED IN SOME WAYS THE
NOT CHARGED IN SOME WAYS THE CASE GOES AWAY QUIETLY.
CASE GOES AWAY QUIETLY. NO, THIS IS DESIGNED TO EXPOSE
NO, THIS IS DESIGNED TO EXPOSE TO THE SUNLIGHT ALL OF THE
TO THE SUNLIGHT ALL OF THE ACTIVITIES OF THE EXECUTIVE
ACTIVITIES OF THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, AND JUST TO PICK UP ON
BRANCH, AND JUST TO PICK UP ON DOUG’S POINT, I THINK THE WISDOM
DOUG’S POINT, I THINK THE WISDOM OF CHAIRMAN NADLER’S APPROACH,
OF CHAIRMAN NADLER’S APPROACH, UNLIKE THE APPROACH WITH
UNLIKE THE APPROACH WITH BENGHAZI WHERE THEY HAPPENED TO
BENGHAZI WHERE THEY HAPPENED TO INVESTIGATE SOMEONE RUNNING FOR
INVESTIGATE SOMEONE RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT, THE ONLY ISSUE THEY
PRESIDENT, THE ONLY ISSUE THEY WERE INTERESTED IN IS SOMETHING
WERE INTERESTED IN IS SOMETHING TETHERED TO THE DEMOCRATIC
TETHERED TO THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE FOR PRESIDENT, WHICH
NOMINEE FOR PRESIDENT, WHICH OBVIOUSLY WAS SO TRANSPARENT,
OBVIOUSLY WAS SO TRANSPARENT, THE WISDOM OF CHAIRMAN NADLER’S
THE WISDOM OF CHAIRMAN NADLER’S APPROACH IS SAYING NO, WE HAVE
APPROACH IS SAYING NO, WE HAVE TO STAND BACK, WE HAVE TO LOOK
TO STAND BACK, WE HAVE TO LOOK COMPREHENSIVELY AT THINGS ACROSS
COMPREHENSIVELY AT THINGS ACROSS THE SPECTRUM THAT ARE CONCERNING
THE SPECTRUM THAT ARE CONCERNING TO US REGARDING THE RULE OF LAW.
TO US REGARDING THE RULE OF LAW. THEREFORE I THINK CHAIRMAN
THEREFORE I THINK CHAIRMAN NADLER WILL GET SUPPORT, HE WILL
NADLER WILL GET SUPPORT, HE WILL PICK UP REPUBLICAN SUPPORT IN
PICK UP REPUBLICAN SUPPORT IN CERTAIN CASES.
CERTAIN CASES. I HOPE FOR SOME OF HIS
I HOPE FOR SOME OF HIS ACTIVITIES, AND I THINK HE WILL
ACTIVITIES, AND I THINK HE WILL MAKE THE BEST CASE POSSIBLE IF
MAKE THE BEST CASE POSSIBLE IF YOU FOLLOW THE FACTS, OVERSIGHT
YOU FOLLOW THE FACTS, OVERSIGHT WILL ACTUALLY RESULT IN BETTER,
WILL ACTUALLY RESULT IN BETTER, STRONGER GOVERNMENT.
STRONGER GOVERNMENT. >> AND I’M OLD ENOUGH TO
>> AND I’M OLD ENOUGH TO REMEMBER, AS YOU ARE, JEREMY,
REMEMBER, AS YOU ARE, JEREMY, WHEN THESE FUNCTIONS USED TO BE
WHEN THESE FUNCTIONS USED TO BE BIPARTISAN.
BIPARTISAN. HOPE SPRINGS ETERNAL.
HOPE SPRINGS ETERNAL. GLENN KIRSCHNER, I WANT TO READ
GLENN KIRSCHNER, I WANT TO READ YOU WHAT THE LIST MAY DELVE
YOU WHAT THE LIST MAY DELVE INTO, THIS IS FROM "THE NEW YORK
INTO, THIS IS FROM "THE NEW YORK TIMES."
TIMES." NOW THEY’RE REQUESTING ALL
NOW THEY’RE REQUESTING ALL DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE
DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE RESIGNATION OF MICHAEL T. FLYNN
RESIGNATION OF MICHAEL T. FLYNN AS NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER,
AS NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER, FIRING OF MR. COMEY, ATTEMPTS TO
FIRING OF MR. COMEY, ATTEMPTS TO FIRE MR. MUELLER, COMMUNICATIONS
FIRE MR. MUELLER, COMMUNICATIONS WITH TRUMP ABOUT SESSIONS AND
WITH TRUMP ABOUT SESSIONS AND THE PRESIDENT’S FIRST ATTORNEY
THE PRESIDENT’S FIRST ATTORNEY GENERAL AND ABOUT ONGOING
GENERAL AND ABOUT ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS
INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. THAT SOUNDS LIKE A DETAILED LIST
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A DETAILED LIST THERE PUT TOGETHER IN THAT ONE
THERE PUT TOGETHER IN THAT ONE PARAGRAPH, THE OBSTRUCTION OF
PARAGRAPH, THE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE CASE AGAINST THE
JUSTICE CASE AGAINST THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. >> AND WHAT YOU JUST SAID A FEW
>> AND WHAT YOU JUST SAID A FEW MINUTES AGO, NICOLLE, I WAS A
MINUTES AGO, NICOLLE, I WAS A PROSER FOR 30 YEARS AND PERHAPS
PROSER FOR 30 YEARS AND PERHAPS I WAS NEVER CREATIVE ENOUGH TO
I WAS NEVER CREATIVE ENOUGH TO COME UP WITH A CATCH PHRASE LIKE
COME UP WITH A CATCH PHRASE LIKE THE DANGER OF THE DOCKUMENTS, BU
THE DANGER OF THE DOCKUMENTS, BU WE’VE SEEN NOW IN JUST ONE
WE’VE SEEN NOW IN JUST ONE ASPECT OF MICHAEL COHEN’S
ASPECT OF MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY WHEN HE PRESENTED THE
TESTIMONY WHEN HE PRESENTED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WITH A CHECK
AMERICAN PEOPLE WITH A CHECK SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT THAT WAS
SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT THAT WAS A REIMBURSEMENT CHECK FOR THE
A REIMBURSEMENT CHECK FOR THE ILLEGAL HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS
ILLEGAL HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS MICHAEL COHEN HAD MADE AND WE
MICHAEL COHEN HAD MADE AND WE SAW THAT THE CONSPIRACY ITSELF
SAW THAT THE CONSPIRACY ITSELF WAS ONGOING, AND IT SEEPED RIGHT
WAS ONGOING, AND IT SEEPED RIGHT INTO THE WHITE HOUSE BECAUSE
INTO THE WHITE HOUSE BECAUSE MICHAEL COHEN TOLD THE AMERICAN
MICHAEL COHEN TOLD THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THAT THE PRESIDENT IN THE
PEOPLE THAT THE PRESIDENT IN THE WHITE HOUSE SAID, HEY, MICHAEL,
WHITE HOUSE SAID, HEY, MICHAEL, DON’T WORRY, THE REIMBURSEMENT
DON’T WORRY, THE REIMBURSEMENT FOR THOSE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS
FOR THOSE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS YOU MADE FOR ME, THEY’RE ON THE
YOU MADE FOR ME, THEY’RE ON THE WAY.
WAY. THEY’RE IN THE MAIL OR THEY’RE
THEY’RE IN THE MAIL OR THEY’RE BEING FEDEXED.
BEING FEDEXED. THAT IS AN ONGOING CONSPIRACY
THAT IS AN ONGOING CONSPIRACY THAT SEEPED INTO THE WHITE
THAT SEEPED INTO THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. BUT YOU HIT ON THE DANGER OF THE
BUT YOU HIT ON THE DANGER OF THE DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. WE’RE GOING TO SEE REALTIME
WE’RE GOING TO SEE REALTIME MEMOS AUTHORED BY PEOPLE TO
MEMOS AUTHORED BY PEOPLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES AND PROTECT
PROTECT THEMSELVES AND PROTECT THEIR OWN INTERESTS AND PROTECT
THEIR OWN INTERESTS AND PROTECT AGAINST THE LIES THE PRESIDENT
AGAINST THE LIES THE PRESIDENT MIGHT TELL ABOUT THE TRUE
MIGHT TELL ABOUT THE TRUE CIRCUMSTANCES OFF A
CIRCUMSTANCES OFF A CONVERSATION.
CONVERSATION. THOSE DOCUMENTS ABOVE AND BEYOND
THOSE DOCUMENTS ABOVE AND BEYOND THE TESTIMONY THE AMERICAN
THE TESTIMONY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE GOING TO HEAR,
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO HEAR, THEY’RE GOING TO CORROBORATE THE
THEY’RE GOING TO CORROBORATE THE CLAIMS OF THE WITNESSES AND
CLAIMS OF THE WITNESSES AND THEY’RE EELYREALLY GOING TO SHOW
THEY’RE EELYREALLY GOING TO SHOW IRREFUTABLY THE PRESIDENT WAS UP
IRREFUTABLY THE PRESIDENT WAS UP TO NO GOOD.
TO NO GOOD. >> IT’S SUCH A GOOD POINT,
>> IT’S SUCH A GOOD POINT, DEVLIN, SOMETHING "THE NEW YORK
DEVLIN, SOMETHING "THE NEW YORK TIMES" AND YOUR COLLEAGUES HAVE
TIMES" AND YOUR COLLEAGUES HAVE BEEN REPORTING ON IN THE CONTEXT
BEEN REPORTING ON IN THE CONTEXT OF JARED KUSHNER’S BACKGROUND
OF JARED KUSHNER’S BACKGROUND PROCESS, OFFICIALS WERE SO
PROCESS, OFFICIALS WERE SO CONCERNED THEY TOOK
CONCERNED THEY TOOK CONTEMPORANEOUS MEMOS.
CONTEMPORANEOUS MEMOS. I WANT TO THROW OUT ONE MORE
I WANT TO THROW OUT ONE MORE THOUGHT FROM YOUR PUP ABOUT
THOUGHT FROM YOUR PUP ABOUT PARDONS -- YOU ARE INVESTIGATING
PARDONS -- YOU ARE INVESTIGATING WHETHER PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FORMER
WHETHER PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FORMER PERSONAL LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN
PERSONAL LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN WAS INVOLVED IN ANY DISCUSSIONS
WAS INVOLVED IN ANY DISCUSSIONS ABOUT POSSIBLE PARDONS, WHICH
ABOUT POSSIBLE PARDONS, WHICH THEY VIEW AS A POTENTIALLY RIPE
THEY VIEW AS A POTENTIALLY RIPE AREA OF INQUIRY AS TO WHETHER
AREA OF INQUIRY AS TO WHETHER ANYONE SOUGHT TO OBSTRUCT
ANYONE SOUGHT TO OBSTRUCT JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. PEOPLE FAMILIAR WITH THE MATTER
PEOPLE FAMILIAR WITH THE MATTER SAID COHEN SAID PUBLICLY HE
SAID COHEN SAID PUBLICLY HE NEVER ASKED FOR AND WOULD NOT
NEVER ASKED FOR AND WOULD NOT ACCENT A PARDON FROM TRUMP BUT
ACCENT A PARDON FROM TRUMP BUT PEOPLE FAMILIAR WITH THE MATTER
PEOPLE FAMILIAR WITH THE MATTER SAID HIS KNOWLEDGE ON THE TOPICS
SAID HIS KNOWLEDGE ON THE TOPICS SEEMS TO EXTEND BEYOND THAT
SEEMS TO EXTEND BEYOND THAT STATEMENT.
STATEMENT. SO IF YOU PUT TOGETHER WHAT WE
SO IF YOU PUT TOGETHER WHAT WE KNOW DONALD TRUMP’S FIRST
KNOW DONALD TRUMP’S FIRST LAWYER, JOHN DOWD DID AROUND THE
LAWYER, JOHN DOWD DID AROUND THE TIME -- OR ACTUALLY BEFORE THE
TIME -- OR ACTUALLY BEFORE THE TIME MANAFORT AND FLYNN WERE
TIME MANAFORT AND FLYNN WERE CHARGED, THEY DANGLED PARDONS IN
CHARGED, THEY DANGLED PARDONS IN FRONT OF HIM REPORTEDLY, IF
FRONT OF HIM REPORTEDLY, IF COHEN IS ANOTHER PERSON AROUND
COHEN IS ANOTHER PERSON AROUND WHOM A PARDON WAS SUGGESTED, YOU
WHOM A PARDON WAS SUGGESTED, YOU CERTAINLY HAVE A PATTERN OF
CERTAINLY HAVE A PATTERN OF ATTEMPTING TO OBSTRUCT THEIR
ATTEMPTING TO OBSTRUCT THEIR TESTIMONY OR THEIR COOPERATION
TESTIMONY OR THEIR COOPERATION AFTER THEY WERE ENTANGLED.
AFTER THEY WERE ENTANGLED. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. THAT’S WHY THE PARDON QUESTION
THAT’S WHY THE PARDON QUESTION IS SUCH A BIG QUESTION FOR ALL
IS SUCH A BIG QUESTION FOR ALL OF THESE GUYS, INCLUDING COHEN.
OF THESE GUYS, INCLUDING COHEN. BUT ANYBODY WHO BRINGS IT UP
BUT ANYBODY WHO BRINGS IT UP BRINGS IT UP IN THE MIDDLE OF
BRINGS IT UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THEIR INVESTIGATION AND
THEIR INVESTIGATION AND PROSECUTION IS OBVIOUSLY
PROSECUTION IS OBVIOUSLY MEDDLING WITH OBSTRUCTION OF
MEDDLING WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE IN A MAJOR WAY.